* The Potential_Gen directory contains the bash scripts required for the first stage (generating the potentials).
* The Compute_Rates directory then uses these potentials to compute the transition rates and rate coefficients.

Potential_Gen:
	- This set of files is used to generate the potentials.
	- First run Lattice_Gen.sh:
	  	* Define the site type, potential, surface temperature and interaction model (1,2,3) in this script file.
		* The gen_lattice.py is then called from this script. Currently, the number of unit cells in x,y,z directions are specified in this py file.
		* Once the lattice coordinates and velocities are generated, the appropriate lammps input file is then used to generate the lattice snapshots.
		* Some of the important parameters required for furture computations are written in info.jobs and info.lattice
	- Then run Extract_Pot.sh:
	        * This divides the large number of small interaction potential simulations (jobs) into a job array and each job array is run on a seperate node.
		* At the end of each sub-job, all the individual files generated by the sub-job are merged into a single file.
		* Since the total number of files that can be held on /nobackup is constrained to 500,000 I further split each sub-job into further chunks.
		* At the end of each chunk, all the individual files belonging to a particular chunk are merged. 
		* Set the appropriate properties : total number of jobs, number of sub-jobs and number of chunks.
	- Finally run Merge_all.sh:
	  	* It reads the prior generated info.* files and reads the necessary parameters.
		* It merges all the merged files generated by each sub job.
		* Finally, it calles the Compute_pot.py which computes the overall average V(z) and the rms values.

Compute_Rates:
	- Set the necessary inputs in Input.cfg
	- Run the Main.py with the appropriate Input.cfg file.
	- The Post_Processing/Test_QCF.py can incorporate most of the QCF models.
	- Finally, the Post_Processing/Plot_trans_rate.py can be used to generate temperature dependent kinetics.